TinyOS 2.x collaboration policy
-------------------------------

In the interest of furthering effective collaboration on the TinyOS 2.x
project, we will manage development of TinyOS using the following policies.

1) TinyOS 2.x is composed of a number of independent subsystems (radios,
sensors, booting, etc) whose design is reflected in TEPs (see TEP 1 for
more details on TEP structure). Individual TEPs are generally written by a
subset of the TinyOS 2.x working group members, based on a consensus of the
whole working group and more detailed discussions by the subset.

2) Changes to TEPs should be proposed to the group as a whole, for
discussion. If consensus is reached, the TEP can be changed.

3) Code development is divided into a number of subsystems, which often,
but not always, reflect TEP and platform boundaries (e.g., "storage for the
mica2", "the scheduler", etc). A subsystem has an owner (one or more
members or company represented in the working group) and a target
completion date.

4) To avoid the introduction of bugs, and except as discussed below, a
subsystem's code should only be committed to the TinyOS 2.x CVS repository
by its owners. [Thought for discussion: allow people to create arbitrary
branches and commit on those?]

5) If you find a trivial bug (e.g., an extra character that prevents
compilation) you can commit a change to any subsystem. Please email
me the subsystem's owner or the mailing list when you do this.

6) If you find the need to make a substantial change, fix a non-trivial
bug, or make a trivial API change to a subsystem (e.g., it's missing an
Init interface that is present on another platform), email the TinyOS 2.x
mailing list with your proposed change (diffs are helpful). You can commit
this change on agreement from the subsystem's owner, or after 48 hours if
no response is received. Disagreements about the change should be resolved
with the subsystem's owner or the mailing list as a whole.

7) If you find that a subsystem needs API changes, you should present these
to the TinyOS 2.x mailing list. Once consensus is reached, the code can
be changed and any related TEPs updated.

8) If progress on a subsystem has stalled, its completion target date has
passed, or its completion target date is holding up progress of the
rest of TinyOS 2.x (and dependent projects), you can propose reassigning
the subsystem to a new owner. You should have a new owner lined up who
can meet the necessary target dates. This reassignment proposal must
be made to the TinyOS 2.x list. Once consensus is reached, or if no
response is received from the subsystem's owners after a week, the
subsystem will be reassigned.

